README.md, before:

# Made in Iran

> A list of neat projects made in Iran.

If you want to contribute, not that you should only update `data.json`.

## Contents
 - [JavaScript](#javascript)
 - [CSS](#css)
 - [PHP](#php)
 - [Ruby](#ruby)
 - [Go](#go)
 - [Android](#android)
 - [Haskell](#haskell)
 - [C++](#cpp)
 - [C](#c)
 - [Font](#font)
 - [Other](#other)



<h3><a name="javascript"></a>JavaScript</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
2245 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**lebab**](https://github.com/mohebifar/lebab) | Turn your ES5 code into readable ES6 (sugar-syntax). It does the opposite of what Babel does. | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://lebab.io/)
180 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**grafgiti**](https://github.com/mohebifar/grafgiti) | Vandalize your github contributions wall. | 
152 | [@jalaali](https://github.com/jalaali)/[**moment-jalaali**](https://github.com/jalaali/moment-jalaali) | A Jalaali (Jalali, Persian, Khorshidi, Shamsi) calendar system plugin for moment.js. | 
109 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**chemozart**](https://github.com/mohebifar/chemozart) | Web-based 3D molecule editor and visualizer with molecular mechanics calculators. | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://chemozart.com/)
95 | [@usablica](https://github.com/usablica)/[**persian.js**](https://github.com/usablica/persian.js) | A simple library for Persian language localization. | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://usablica.github.com/persian.js/)
83 | [@mdibaiee](https://github.com/mdibaiee)/[**node-telegram-api**](https://github.com/mdibaiee/node-telegram-api) | Control Telegram bots easily | 
77 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**racket**](https://github.com/mohebifar/racket) | A complete starting app for developing universal React/Redux web apps with generators, best practices and more | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://racket-demo.herokuapp.com/)
76 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**angular-persian**](https://github.com/mohebifar/angular-persian) | :earth_asia: Persian tools for angular.js | 
42 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**react-native-loader**](https://github.com/mohebifar/react-native-loader) | A collection of animated spinners for React Native | 
35 | [@evandhq](https://github.com/evandhq)/[**react-persian-datepicker**](https://github.com/evandhq/react-persian-datepicker) | :calendar: A Persian date-picker component for react.js | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://evandhq.github.io/react-persian-datepicker/)
33 | [@jalaali](https://github.com/jalaali)/[**jalaali-js**](https://github.com/jalaali/jalaali-js) | JavaScript functions for converting Jalaali and Gregorian calendar systems to each other | 
32 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**telegram-github-search-bot**](https://github.com/mamal72/telegram-github-search-bot) | :octocat: A Github search bot for Telegram | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://telegram.me/GithubSearchBot)
9 | [@mdibaiee](https://github.com/mdibaiee)/[**Hawk**](https://github.com/mdibaiee/Hawk) | The missing Firefox OS file manager | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://dibaiee.ir/Hawk)
5 | [@ilxanlar](https://github.com/ilxanlar)/[**react-textarea-autoheight**](https://github.com/ilxanlar/react-textarea-autoheight) | An auto-height textarea component for React | 


<h3><a name="css"></a>CSS</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
3247 | [@saeedalipoor](https://github.com/saeedalipoor)/[**icono**](https://github.com/saeedalipoor/icono) | One tag One icon, no font or svg, Pure CSS | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://git.io/icono)
617 | [@arashmanteghi](https://github.com/arashmanteghi)/[**simptip**](https://github.com/arashmanteghi/simptip) | A simple CSS tooltip made with Sass | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://arashm.net/lab/simptip/)
573 | [@morteza](https://github.com/morteza)/[**bootstrap-rtl**](https://github.com/morteza/bootstrap-rtl) | RTL Theme for Bootstrap v3.x | 
380 | [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak)/[**licon**](https://github.com/siamak/licon) | Lightness and Useful icons with Pure CSS3 | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://siamak.github.io/licon)
75 | [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak)/[**atom-panda-syntax**](https://github.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax) | Panda syntax theme for Atom. | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://panda.siamak.work/)


<h3><a name="php"></a>PHP</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
271 | [@sasanrose](https://github.com/sasanrose)/[**phpredmin**](https://github.com/sasanrose/phpredmin) | Yet another web interface for Redis | 
25 | [@reshadman](https://github.com/reshadman)/[**laravel-mongo-auth**](https://github.com/reshadman/laravel-mongo-auth) | A native mongodb authentication driver for laravel. | 
12 | [@laratalks](https://github.com/laratalks)/[**payment-gateways**](https://github.com/laratalks/payment-gateways) | Easy to use classes for  Payment Provider Services in Iran | 
12 | [@QuincePHP](https://github.com/QuincePHP)/[**Pelastic**](https://github.com/QuincePHP/Pelastic) | An explicit abstraction layer on elasticsearch query DSL | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://pelastic.com)


<h3><a name="ruby"></a>Ruby</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
28 | [@aziz](https://github.com/aziz)/[**jalalidate**](https://github.com/aziz/jalalidate) | A library for working with Jalali Calendar (a.k.a Persian Calendar) | 


<h3><a name="go"></a>Go</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
44 | [@fzerorubigd](https://github.com/fzerorubigd)/[**onion**](https://github.com/fzerorubigd/onion) | Layer based configuration for #golang | 
43 | [@fzerorubigd](https://github.com/fzerorubigd)/[**tmass**](https://github.com/fzerorubigd/tmass) | tmux session manager written in golang | 
1 | [@sijad](https://github.com/sijad)/[**srtfixer**](https://github.com/sijad/srtfixer) | Persian subtitle fixer in golang | 


<h3><a name="android"></a>Android</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
394 | [@SaeedMasoumi](https://github.com/SaeedMasoumi)/[**FAB-Loading**](https://github.com/SaeedMasoumi/FAB-Loading) | A loading animation based on Floating Action Button | 
69 | [@alirezaafkar](https://github.com/alirezaafkar)/[**SunDatePicker**](https://github.com/alirezaafkar/SunDatePicker) | Date picker for Iranian calendar | 
65 | [@navabi](https://github.com/navabi)/[**JustifiedTextView**](https://github.com/navabi/JustifiedTextView) | a custom view that simulate justified text for you | 
44 | [@alirezaafkar](https://github.com/alirezaafkar)/[**Toolbar**](https://github.com/alirezaafkar/Toolbar) | Android toolbar with layout direction support | 
42 | [@meNESS](https://github.com/meNESS)/[**EasyIntro**](https://github.com/meNESS/EasyIntro) | The flexible, easy to use, all in one app intro library for your Android project. | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://meness.github.io/EasyIntro)
32 | [@soroushjavdan](https://github.com/soroushjavdan)/[**ApplicationLocker**](https://github.com/soroushjavdan/ApplicationLocker) | With this library you could send users to lock activity after they leave your application . | 
18 | [@soroushjavdan](https://github.com/soroushjavdan)/[**Android-Mandrill-Interface**](https://github.com/soroushjavdan/Android-Mandrill-Interface) | An Android Mandrill API Connector | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://soroushjavdan.net/)


<h3><a name="haskell"></a>Haskell</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
9 | [@mdibaiee](https://github.com/mdibaiee)/[**deep-learning-2048-hs**](https://github.com/mdibaiee/deep-learning-2048-hs) | Deep Learning 2048, in Haskell | 


<h3><a name="cpp"></a>C++</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
18 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**openbabel-node**](https://github.com/mohebifar/openbabel-node) | OpenBabel Bindings for Node.js | 
3 | [@keyvank](https://github.com/keyvank)/[**tracy**](https://github.com/keyvank/tracy) | A simple open-source 3D engine written fully in C++ | 


<h3><a name="c"></a>C</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
62 | [@aminroosta](https://github.com/aminroosta)/[**sqlite_modern_cpp**](https://github.com/aminroosta/sqlite_modern_cpp) | a c++11 wrapper around sqlite library | 


<h3><a name="font"></a>Font</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
186 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**vazir-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/vazir-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - قلم (فونت) فارسی وزیر | 
105 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**samim-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/samim-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی صمیم | 
47 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**tanha-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/tanha-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی تنها | 
41 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**font-behdad**](https://github.com/font-store/font-behdad) | Behdad is a Persian\Arabic Font - بهداد یک فونت فارسی/ عربی | 
40 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**shabnam-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/shabnam-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی شبنم | 
40 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**parastoo-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/parastoo-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی پرستو | 
32 | [@BornaIz](https://github.com/BornaIz)/[**Lalezar**](https://github.com/BornaIz/Lalezar) | A multi-script display typeface for popular culture | 
23 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**font-nika**](https://github.com/font-store/font-nika) | Nika-Persian Font | 
20 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**gandom-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/gandom-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی گندم | 
14 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**font-farbod**](https://github.com/font-store/font-farbod) | Farbod is  Open Source Font For Text | 
4 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**RitaFontTester**](https://github.com/font-store/RitaFontTester) | Auxiliary tool for the development of Persian-Arabic fonts | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://font-store.github.io/RitaFontTester)


<h3><a name="other"></a>Other</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
65 | [@arastu](https://github.com/arastu)/[**iran**](https://github.com/arastu/iran) | Administrative divisions of Iran in json and xml formats - تقسیمات کشوری ایران با فرمت جی‌سان و ایکس ام ال - made with &lt;3 and Node.js | 
2 | [@sijad](https://github.com/sijad)/[**iran-cities**](https://github.com/sijad/iran-cities) | Iran cities in separated json files |

Commit message:

add some JS repos by mamal72 & smoqadam

README.md, after:

# Made in Iran

> A list of neat projects made in Iran.

If you want to contribute, not that you should only update `data.json`.

## Contents
 - [JavaScript](#javascript)
 - [CSS](#css)
 - [PHP](#php)
 - [Ruby](#ruby)
 - [Go](#go)
 - [Android](#android)
 - [Haskell](#haskell)
 - [C++](#cpp)
 - [C](#c)
 - [Font](#font)
 - [Other](#other)



<h3><a name="javascript"></a>JavaScript</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
2244 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**lebab**](https://github.com/mohebifar/lebab) | Turn your ES5 code into readable ES6 (sugar-syntax). It does the opposite of what Babel does. | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://lebab.io/)
179 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**grafgiti**](https://github.com/mohebifar/grafgiti) | Vandalize your github contributions wall. | 
152 | [@jalaali](https://github.com/jalaali)/[**moment-jalaali**](https://github.com/jalaali/moment-jalaali) | A Jalaali (Jalali, Persian, Khorshidi, Shamsi) calendar system plugin for moment.js. | 
109 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**chemozart**](https://github.com/mohebifar/chemozart) | Web-based 3D molecule editor and visualizer with molecular mechanics calculators. | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://chemozart.com/)
95 | [@usablica](https://github.com/usablica)/[**persian.js**](https://github.com/usablica/persian.js) | A simple library for Persian language localization. | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://usablica.github.com/persian.js/)
87 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**racket**](https://github.com/mohebifar/racket) | A complete starting app for developing universal React/Redux web apps with generators, best practices and more | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://racket-demo.herokuapp.com/)
83 | [@mdibaiee](https://github.com/mdibaiee)/[**node-telegram-api**](https://github.com/mdibaiee/node-telegram-api) | Control Telegram bots easily | 
76 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**angular-persian**](https://github.com/mohebifar/angular-persian) | :earth_asia: Persian tools for angular.js | 
42 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**react-native-loader**](https://github.com/mohebifar/react-native-loader) | A collection of animated spinners for React Native | 
35 | [@evandhq](https://github.com/evandhq)/[**react-persian-datepicker**](https://github.com/evandhq/react-persian-datepicker) | :calendar: A Persian date-picker component for react.js | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://evandhq.github.io/react-persian-datepicker/)
33 | [@jalaali](https://github.com/jalaali)/[**jalaali-js**](https://github.com/jalaali/jalaali-js) | JavaScript functions for converting Jalaali and Gregorian calendar systems to each other | 
32 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**telegram-github-search-bot**](https://github.com/mamal72/telegram-github-search-bot) | :octocat: A Github search bot for Telegram | [:arrow_upper_right:](https://telegram.me/GithubSearchBot)
13 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**react-github**](https://github.com/mamal72/react-github) | :octocat: A set of useful Github components for React | 
11 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**electron-jalali-calendar**](https://github.com/mamal72/electron-jalali-calendar) | :calendar: A simple menubar app for Jalali calendar built by Electron and React | 
10 | [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak)/[**zarinpal-checkout**](https://github.com/siamak/zarinpal-checkout) | ☼ Simple implementation of ZarinPal Node.js | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://zarinpal.com)
9 | [@smoqadam](https://github.com/smoqadam)/[**add-to-feedly**](https://github.com/smoqadam/add-to-feedly) | a firefox extension to add a website to feedly ;) | 
9 | [@mdibaiee](https://github.com/mdibaiee)/[**Hawk**](https://github.com/mdibaiee/Hawk) | The missing Firefox OS file manager | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://dibaiee.ir/Hawk)
6 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**gooz**](https://github.com/mamal72/gooz) | :dash: Send the old sh*tty browsers away from your website as simple as a Gooz | 
6 | [@smoqadam](https://github.com/smoqadam)/[**url-to-qrcode-firefox-addon**](https://github.com/smoqadam/url-to-qrcode-firefox-addon) | an add-on to convert current url to qr code !! | 
5 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**rtl-md**](https://github.com/mamal72/rtl-md) | :pencil: A simple markdown to html converter which knows the direction! | 
5 | [@ilxanlar](https://github.com/ilxanlar)/[**react-textarea-autoheight**](https://github.com/ilxanlar/react-textarea-autoheight) | An auto-height textarea component for React | 
4 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**node-yahoo-weather**](https://github.com/mamal72/node-yahoo-weather) | :umbrella: A simple isomorphic yahoo weather API wrapper in 10 lines of code | 
4 | [@mamal72](https://github.com/mamal72)/[**atom-isup**](https://github.com/mamal72/atom-isup) | :octocat: Simple Atom package to check website up or down status using isitup | 


<h3><a name="css"></a>CSS</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
3246 | [@saeedalipoor](https://github.com/saeedalipoor)/[**icono**](https://github.com/saeedalipoor/icono) | One tag One icon, no font or svg, Pure CSS | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://git.io/icono)
617 | [@arashmanteghi](https://github.com/arashmanteghi)/[**simptip**](https://github.com/arashmanteghi/simptip) | A simple CSS tooltip made with Sass | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://arashm.net/lab/simptip/)
574 | [@morteza](https://github.com/morteza)/[**bootstrap-rtl**](https://github.com/morteza/bootstrap-rtl) | RTL Theme for Bootstrap v3.x | 
380 | [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak)/[**licon**](https://github.com/siamak/licon) | Lightness and Useful icons with Pure CSS3 | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://siamak.github.io/licon)
76 | [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak)/[**atom-panda-syntax**](https://github.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax) | Panda syntax theme for Atom. | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://panda.siamak.work/)


<h3><a name="php"></a>PHP</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
271 | [@sasanrose](https://github.com/sasanrose)/[**phpredmin**](https://github.com/sasanrose/phpredmin) | Yet another web interface for Redis | 
25 | [@reshadman](https://github.com/reshadman)/[**laravel-mongo-auth**](https://github.com/reshadman/laravel-mongo-auth) | A native mongodb authentication driver for laravel. | 
12 | [@laratalks](https://github.com/laratalks)/[**payment-gateways**](https://github.com/laratalks/payment-gateways) | Easy to use classes for  Payment Provider Services in Iran | 
12 | [@QuincePHP](https://github.com/QuincePHP)/[**Pelastic**](https://github.com/QuincePHP/Pelastic) | An explicit abstraction layer on elasticsearch query DSL | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://pelastic.com)


<h3><a name="ruby"></a>Ruby</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
28 | [@aziz](https://github.com/aziz)/[**jalalidate**](https://github.com/aziz/jalalidate) | A library for working with Jalali Calendar (a.k.a Persian Calendar) | 


<h3><a name="go"></a>Go</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
44 | [@fzerorubigd](https://github.com/fzerorubigd)/[**onion**](https://github.com/fzerorubigd/onion) | Layer based configuration for #golang | 
43 | [@fzerorubigd](https://github.com/fzerorubigd)/[**tmass**](https://github.com/fzerorubigd/tmass) | tmux session manager written in golang | 
1 | [@sijad](https://github.com/sijad)/[**srtfixer**](https://github.com/sijad/srtfixer) | Persian subtitle fixer in golang | 


<h3><a name="android"></a>Android</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
394 | [@SaeedMasoumi](https://github.com/SaeedMasoumi)/[**FAB-Loading**](https://github.com/SaeedMasoumi/FAB-Loading) | A loading animation based on Floating Action Button | 
69 | [@alirezaafkar](https://github.com/alirezaafkar)/[**SunDatePicker**](https://github.com/alirezaafkar/SunDatePicker) | Date picker for Iranian calendar | 
65 | [@navabi](https://github.com/navabi)/[**JustifiedTextView**](https://github.com/navabi/JustifiedTextView) | a custom view that simulate justified text for you | 
44 | [@alirezaafkar](https://github.com/alirezaafkar)/[**Toolbar**](https://github.com/alirezaafkar/Toolbar) | Android toolbar with layout direction support | 
42 | [@meNESS](https://github.com/meNESS)/[**EasyIntro**](https://github.com/meNESS/EasyIntro) | The flexible, easy to use, all in one app intro library for your Android project. | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://meness.github.io/EasyIntro)
32 | [@soroushjavdan](https://github.com/soroushjavdan)/[**ApplicationLocker**](https://github.com/soroushjavdan/ApplicationLocker) | With this library you could send users to lock activity after they leave your application . | 
18 | [@soroushjavdan](https://github.com/soroushjavdan)/[**Android-Mandrill-Interface**](https://github.com/soroushjavdan/Android-Mandrill-Interface) | An Android Mandrill API Connector | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://soroushjavdan.net/)


<h3><a name="haskell"></a>Haskell</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
9 | [@mdibaiee](https://github.com/mdibaiee)/[**deep-learning-2048-hs**](https://github.com/mdibaiee/deep-learning-2048-hs) | Deep Learning 2048, in Haskell | 


<h3><a name="cpp"></a>C++</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
18 | [@mohebifar](https://github.com/mohebifar)/[**openbabel-node**](https://github.com/mohebifar/openbabel-node) | OpenBabel Bindings for Node.js | 
3 | [@keyvank](https://github.com/keyvank)/[**tracy**](https://github.com/keyvank/tracy) | A simple open-source 3D engine written fully in C++ | 


<h3><a name="c"></a>C</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
62 | [@aminroosta](https://github.com/aminroosta)/[**sqlite_modern_cpp**](https://github.com/aminroosta/sqlite_modern_cpp) | a c++11 wrapper around sqlite library | 


<h3><a name="font"></a>Font</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
186 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**vazir-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/vazir-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - قلم (فونت) فارسی وزیر | 
105 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**samim-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/samim-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی صمیم | 
47 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**tanha-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/tanha-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی تنها | 
41 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**font-behdad**](https://github.com/font-store/font-behdad) | Behdad is a Persian\Arabic Font - بهداد یک فونت فارسی/ عربی | 
40 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**shabnam-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/shabnam-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی شبنم | 
40 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**parastoo-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/parastoo-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی پرستو | 
32 | [@BornaIz](https://github.com/BornaIz)/[**Lalezar**](https://github.com/BornaIz/Lalezar) | A multi-script display typeface for popular culture | 
23 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**font-nika**](https://github.com/font-store/font-nika) | Nika-Persian Font | 
20 | [@rastikerdar](https://github.com/rastikerdar)/[**gandom-font**](https://github.com/rastikerdar/gandom-font) | A Persian (Farsi) Font - فونت (قلم) فارسی گندم | 
14 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**font-farbod**](https://github.com/font-store/font-farbod) | Farbod is  Open Source Font For Text | 
4 | [@font-store](https://github.com/font-store)/[**RitaFontTester**](https://github.com/font-store/RitaFontTester) | Auxiliary tool for the development of Persian-Arabic fonts | [:arrow_upper_right:](http://font-store.github.io/RitaFontTester)


<h3><a name="other"></a>Other</h3>
:star2: | Name | Description | 🌍
--- | --- | --- | ---
65 | [@arastu](https://github.com/arastu)/[**iran**](https://github.com/arastu/iran) | Administrative divisions of Iran in json and xml formats - تقسیمات کشوری ایران با فرمت جی‌سان و ایکس ام ال - made with &lt;3 and Node.js | 
2 | [@sijad](https://github.com/sijad)/[**iran-cities**](https://github.com/sijad/iran-cities) | Iran cities in separated json files |
